SportsWorld-Cards Sports User Agreement

Terms and Conditions
privacy policy

General

SportsWorld-Cards Sports provides services to you in accordance with the following terms of service. These terms may be updated by SportsWorld-Cards Sports at any time without notice. Once the SportsWorld-Cards Sports use agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Use Agreement") is changed, SportsWorld-Cards Sports will announce the modification on the website. Once the revised usage agreement is published on the website, it will effectively replace the original usage agreement.

You should read this Agreement carefully before using the services provided by SportsWorld-Cards Sports. If you do not agree with this use agreement and / or modify it at any time, please stop using all the services provided by SportsWorld-Cards Sports immediately; once you use the SportsWorld-Cards Sports service, you are deemed to have understood and fully agreed to this The contents of the use agreement, including any modifications made by SportsWorld-Cards Sports to the use agreement at any time, and become SportsWorld-Cards Sports users (hereinafter referred to as "users").

Service Description

SportsWorld-Cards Sports currently provides users with the following services: users can query and record text, remember text through software reminders, categorize text by tags, and back up and synchronize text through iCloud services. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this usage agreement, any new features of the service, including new products introduced, are subject to this usage agreement. You understand and agree that the Service is provided only in its current state, and SportsWorld-Cards Sports assumes no responsibility for the aging, deletion, transmission errors, failure to store or any other issues of any user information or personalization settings. responsibility. SportsWorld-Cards Sports reserves the right to suspend any part of the Service for maintenance, upgrades or other purposes without prior notice.

abide by the law

You agree to abide by all the relevant laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China and take full responsibility for any act of using the service and your account using your password and your account and its results. If your behavior violates any provisions of national laws and regulations, which may constitute a crime, you will be investigated for criminal responsibility and you shall bear all legal liabilities.

At the same time, if SportsWorld-Cards Sports has reason to believe that any of your actions, including but not limited to any of your speech and other actions, violates or may violate any provisions of national laws and regulations, SportsWorld-Cards Sports may at any time without any prior notice Termination of Services to You.

SportsWorld-Cards Sports privacy policy

The registration information you provide and certain other information about you held by SportsWorld-Cards Sports will be governed by China's privacy laws and our Privacy Policy.

Provider's responsibility

In accordance with relevant laws and regulations, SportsWorld-Cards Sports hereby solemnly draws your attention to any text, information, materials, information or other materials (hereinafter referred to as "content") posted or uploaded through the Service, whether publicly or privately, It is the responsibility of the content provider. SportsWorld-Cards Sports only provides users with content storage space and cannot control the content transmitted through this service, so the accuracy, integrity and quality of the content are not guaranteed. You have anticipated that you may be exposed to unpleasant, inappropriate or disgusting content when using this service. In any case, SportsWorld-Cards Sports is not responsible for any content, including but not limited to suspending all or part of the user's use of the service, keeping relevant records, and reporting to the relevant authorities.

user behavior

The user agrees that the service will not be used for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following:

1) Post or otherwise transmit information containing one of the following:

Against the basic principles established by the Constitution;

Endangering national security, leaking state secrets, subverting state power, and undermining national unity;

Damage to national honor and interests;

Instigating national hatred, national discrimination, and undermining national unity;

Those who undermine state religious policies and promote cults and feudal superstitions;

Spreading rumors, disrupting social order and disrupting social stability;

Spreading obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, homicide, terror or instigating crime;

Insulting or slandering others and infringing on their legal rights;

Contain false, scam, harmful, coercive, intrusive, intrusive, harassing, vilifying, vulgar, obscene, or other morally offensive content

Contains other content restricted or prohibited by Chinese laws, regulations, rules, regulations and any legally effective norms;

Contains content that SportsWorld-Cards Sports deems inappropriate for display;

2) endanger the legitimate rights and interests of others in any way;

3) Impersonate any other person or organization, or make false statements or falsely relate to any person or organization;

4) Post, send e-mail, or otherwise Way transmission

5) Publish or otherwise transmit content that infringes on the copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, or other exclusive rights (hereinafter referred to as "exclusive rights") of others;

6) Post, send or otherwise transmit any advertising letters, promotional materials, "spam", "spam letters", "chain letters", "direct sales" or any other form of solicitation materials;

7) To publish, send or otherwise transmit any information of computer viruses or other computer code, files and programs designed to interfere with, destroy or limit the function of any computer software, hardware or communication equipment;

8) Interfering with or disrupting the Services or servers and networks connected to the Services, or violating any rules, procedures, policies, or regulations regarding the networks connected to the Services;

9) Track, human search or otherwise harass others;

10) Deliberately or unintentionally violate any applicable local and national laws and any rules with legal effect;

11) Intercept, tamper with, collect, store, or delete the personal information, e-mail or other data of others without legal authorization, or use such information for any illegal or improper purpose.

You acknowledge that SportsWorld-Cards Sports does not have full control over the user ’s use behavior. When you use any content, including relying on the accuracy, completeness or practicality of the foregoing content, you agree to exercise your own judgment and bear all risks, and Does not rely on SportsWorld-Cards Sports. However, SportsWorld-Cards Sports, in its sole discretion, rejects and removes any content that may be provided through the Service in violation of these Terms or otherwise objectionable to SportsWorld-Cards Sports.

You understand and agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports may save or disclose content when it is deemed necessary to save or disclose it in accordance with laws and regulations, or in good faith for the following purposes or to the extent reasonably necessary:

a) follow legal procedures;

b) enforce this usage agreement;

c) respond to any claims made by third parties;

d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of SportsWorld-Cards Sports, its users and the public;

e) Other circumstances deemed necessary by SportsWorld-Cards Sports.

Warnings for international use

You understand the borderless nature of the Internet and agree to abide by all local laws and regulations regarding online behavior and content. You specifically agree to comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the transmission of information exported from China or your country.

Disclaimer

1) The user expressly agrees that he uploads text, information, information, information or other personal data on the Internet, and may be copied, reprinted, or used for other purposes by other organizations or individuals. The risk is entirely borne by himself; All consequences arising from the Cards Sports services are also borne by themselves; all consequences arising from their use of the SportsWorld-Cards Sports services are also borne by themselves, and we are not responsible for the users.

2) For malicious comments on the website, we will delete them after the user reports, but we do not guarantee that the service will meet the user's requirements, and we will not bear any legal responsibility for the malicious comments.

Compensation

Any claim or request arising from or resulting from any third party, including reasonable attorneys, as a result of the content you provide, publish or transmit through the Service, your connection to the Service, your breach of this Use Agreement, or your infringement of any rights of others You agree to indemnify SportsWorld-Cards Sports and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, brand co-owners or other partners and employees from damages and assume all legal liabilities arising therefrom.

Prohibition of business practices

You agree not to reproduce, copy, sell, resell or use for any other commercial purpose any part of this service or use or acquisition of this service.

General measures concerning use and storage

You acknowledge that SportsWorld-Cards Sports has the right to establish general measures and restrictions regarding the use of the Service, including but not limited to the maximum period for which the Service will retain published content or other published content, and the maximum number of times you may use the Service during a certain period (And the upper limit of each use time). You agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports shall not be held liable for any information, communications and other content posted or transmitted through the Service if it is deleted or not stored. You also agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports reserves the right to change these general measures and restrictions at any time, at its own discretion, with or without notice.

Service modification

SportsWorld-Cards Sports reserves the right to temporarily or permanently modify or terminate the Service (or any part thereof) at any time, with or without notice. You agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports shall not be liable to you and any third party for any modification, suspension or termination of the Service.

Termination of service

You agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports, for its own consideration, for any reason, including but not limited to a lack of use, or that SportsWorld-Cards Sports believes that you have violated the text and spirit of this Use Agreement and terminate your account or use of the Service ( Or any part of the Service) and remove and delete any content you have within the Service. You agree that the Services provided under any provision of this Agreement may be discontinued or terminated without prior notice. You acknowledge and agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports may immediately close or delete your account and all relevant information and files in your account, And / or continue to use the aforementioned documents or the Service. In addition, you agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports shall not be liable to you or any third party if the use of the Service is interrupted or terminated or your account and related information and files are closed or deleted.

Dealing with advertisers and other third parties

You use this website to communicate with advertisers and other third parties in any form or business relationship, or participate in promotional activities, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other relevant terms, conditions, guarantees or statements reached For your actions with advertisers and other third parties. SportsWorld-Cards Sports is not responsible for any loss or damage of any nature suffered by you as a result of any of the foregoing transactions or the foregoing advertisers and other third parties.

SportsWorld-Cards Sports Exclusive Rights

You understand and agree that the Service and related software used in the Service (hereinafter referred to as the "Software") contain proprietary and confidential information protected by relevant intellectual property rights and other laws. You also understand and agree that the content contained in sponsored advertisements or information presented to you through the Service or by advertisers is also protected by copyright, trademark rights, service marks, patent rights, or other exclusive rights. Without the express authorization of SportsWorld-Cards Sports or the advertiser, you may not modify, rent, lend, sell, distribute any part or all of the service or software, or make derivative works based on it, or use unauthorized modified software, including It is not limited to the purpose of using the service for unauthorized purposes. SportsWorld-Cards Sports only grants you personal, non-transferable, and non-exclusive right to use the software's purpose code on a stand-alone computer, but you must not (and must not allow any third party) to copy, modify, or create derivative works Work, restore engineering, reverse translation, or otherwise discover the source code, or sell, transfer, sub-license or provide software warranty, or otherwise transfer any rights to the software. You agree to use the Service through the interface provided by SportsWorld-Cards Sports and not through any other means.

Guarantees and guarantees

You clearly understand and agree:

1) Nothing in this Use Agreement will relieve you from any liability of SportsWorld-Cards Sports for causing personal injury or for intentional or gross negligence;

2) Your use of this service is at your own risk. This service is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. SportsWorld-Cards Sports does not provide any express or implied guarantees or guarantees for the Service, including but not limited to commercial guarantees, applicability for specific purposes and non-infringement of the rights of others;

3) SportsWorld-Cards Sports does not guarantee the following:

This service will meet your requirements;

The service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free;

The results obtained using this service are correct and reliable;

Any products, services, information or other information you purchase or obtain through the Service will meet your expectations;

4) Whether you use this service to download or obtain any information shall be considered by you and at your own risk, and any damage to your mobile phone or data loss caused by the download of any information shall be borne by you;

5) Any advice or information you obtain from SportsWorld-Cards Sports or through the Service, whether written or oral, will not constitute any warranty other than this use agreement, except as expressly provided in this use agreement.

6) If SportsWorld-Cards Sports and / or partner use the portrait, name or other legal rights provided by you, you agree to authorize your portrait, name and / or other legal rights together to SportsWorld-Cards Sports and / or cooperation Unit used.

Limitation of Liability

You expressly understand and agree that SportsWorld-Cards Sports is not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, derivative or punitive damages caused by the following reasons, including but not limited to profit, reputation, application, data loss or other intangible losses Liability:

1) Use or unavailability of this service;

2) Costs incurred to replace any goods, data, information, services, messages received or transactions concluded or purchased from or through the Service;

3) Your transmission or data is unauthorized access or altered;

4) Statements or actions made by any third party in the Service;

5) Other matters related to this service, except as expressly provided in this usage agreement;

6) SportsWorld-Cards Sports assumes no responsibility for posting or delivering fraudulent information by any third party or inducing users to suffer financial losses.

SportsWorld-Cards Sports Trademark Information

Without the prior written consent of SportsWorld-Cards Sports, you agree not to display or use or otherwise deal with SportsWorld-Cards Sports and other SportsWorld-Cards Sports registered trademarks, logos and products, service names, or express your right to display , Used or otherwise handled.

User-specific rights

SportsWorld-Cards Sports respects the intellectual property rights of others and calls on users to respect the same.

SportsWorld-Cards Sports services and information are provided on an "as is" basis, and SportsWorld-Cards Sports expressly disclaims any express or implied warranty of the "Service", "Information" or "Product", including but not limited to, Guarantee for commercial use or suitability for a specific purpose. SportsWorld-Cards Sports shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages arising out of the Service, Materials or Products.

If you infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, SportsWorld-Cards Sports will delete certain content or even terminate your rights in accordance with national laws and regulations or, as appropriate, in accordance with its terms of service or its related normative provisions. Use of Account.

SportsWorld-Cards Sports respects any rights (including intellectual property rights) of others, and also requires our users to respect the rights of others. SportsWorld-Cards Sports may, in appropriate circumstances, at its sole discretion terminate the accounts of users who infringe or violate the rights of others.

If you believe that the copyright of your work has been infringed or your intellectual property rights have been infringed, you must promptly contact SportsWorld-Cards Sports and provide detailed proof materials in accordance with the Regulations on the Protection of the Right of Information Network Dissemination. Or please go to the National Copyright Administration of the People's Republic of China to download a sample format of the "Notice of Deletion or Disconnection of Infringing Internet Content" (hereinafter referred to as the "Removal Notice"). If you do not understand the content of the "Removal Notice", please log in to the Chinese people The National Copyright Administration of the Republic looks at the instructions for completing the "Notice of Removing or Disconnecting Infringing Internet Content".

Normal condition

1) This usage agreement, community guidelines and disclaimer constitute the entire agreement between you and SportsWorld-Cards Sports and regulate your use of the service. When you use the related services and the content or software provided by third parties, you should also comply with the applicable additional terms and conditions;

2) This usage agreement and your relationship with SportsWorld-Cards Sports are governed by the laws of the People's Republic of China. Disputes between you and SportsWorld-Cards Sports regarding the Service, this Use Agreement or other related matters shall be settled through friendly negotiation first. If the negotiation fails, you shall apply to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission for arbitration. The arbitral award is final. Binding

3) The failure of SportsWorld-Cards Sports to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Use Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of the foregoing rights or rights;

4) If any provision of this usage agreement is invalid because it conflicts with the laws of the People's Republic of China, you still agree that you should strive to make the intention of the parties reflected in the provision effective in accordance with the law, and the other provisions of this usage agreement should still have full effect And effect;

5) The title of this usage agreement is for convenience only and has no legal or contractual effect;

6) As long as you log in to SportsWorld-Cards Sports, you agree to all the agreements above.

7) SportsWorld-Cards Sports has the final interpretation of this usage agreement.
8) tel:+1（951）228 4441  mail:2966497308w@gmail.com 
